# Background

## Peter (1992.11.23): 

He is just like one month older than me, and we grew up in the same neighborhood. We have known each other forever. We diss each other and support each other, but mostly argue with each other like siblings. We don’t talk with each other very often these days. He got married like 2 years ago.

## SYY (1992.11.18): 

The cartoon artist. We have known each other since grade 6, and her home is like 100 meters away from mine. We got to spent a lot of time together when we were teenagers. We were never in the same class and I ended up one year ahead of her but it didn’t stop our friendship. She has always been an independent girl because her dad works in a far place, and was often not at home. She needed to share the housework with her mom, but both her and her mom were so capable of living a happy life without her dad in their life lol. When I was in a situation that I had to boil noodles for the first time in my life (usually I would go out and buy something quick), I called her for help because I didn’t know when exactly I should put the noodles into the pot. She came and eased the stress of a green hand chef. She has never been in a serious romantic relationship but all of her works are about romance. She told me that people often find her hard to get close, and her classmates even called her 灭绝师太 means someone who is a strict num. She is surprisingly organized and disciplined in life, while expressing all the bolt imaginations in her work. 

## SXL (1992.01.02): 

I have mentioned this girl many times. She was the only one in my class in high school that was willing to save the injured street cat with me. She earned my respect and trust ever since. There were some complicated stories between she, Edward and myself. I lost her twice. And I still miss her. 

## JKC (1993.04.01): 

The first guy I ever felt strongly attracted to at grade 7. He played violin then he joined a band with a bunch of friends playing bass in university. Though my own reason strongly against myself falling in love with him, it only added to my misery. He confessed his feelings to me but I simply could not be myself comfortablely around him. I don’t know how to describe him. Because I really don’t know him well enough. I was blind. And all my observations showed that he would not make me happy. He and SYY were in the same class in primary school (a different one from mine), and there was gossip about them. But they both denied it.

## W柳柳 (1993.03.12): 

The one getting married in Munich in June! She is a cute smart girl who only has had this one romantic relationship who (a white guy) was in the same master program in Germany, and she is gonna marry this guy! She has many interesting ideas and has a unique way of seeing things. It’s quite an interesting story of our friendship. We are not really like the same type of girls. I was …. similar to what you see now but less happy and more cynical (teenager) at grade 7. I was more proud back and narcissistic (teenager). I didn’t have many friends when I just transferred to the secondary school where Peter, JKC, and W have been in the same classroom for a year. And W did not feel like a kinship soul at all. She was chill, simple, not traumatized. She was not that sensitive about others feelings like we do which can be a bit annoying sometimes. We were not so good friends back in grade 7 and 8. We even had a small fight which I completely forgot about the cause. But it ended with me being outraged and kicking her on her butt (ashamed). I apologized and we made it up later. But still we were not very close. The change happened after we entered the same high school. We were in different classes. One day a friend of mine in the same class as W told me that there were a bunch of girls isolating W and making fun of her. Probably because she was younger and smarter. One day when W and I were walking together in the campus, the head girl of the group elbowed us and walked right between W and I. I was so pissed off. I caught up with that bitch and elbowed her back and told her not to cause trouble to W again otherwise I would make her pay. Tbh, I didn’t really do it for W. I did it because I was angry at their behavior. After that, W and I became closer friends and she also reads a lot of classic literature. We read quite some books together. We read the recommendations from each other. But we have quite different tastes.
