# Para Uber

I dreamed that powered paragliding and small flying machine (you stand and fly like iron man but you can carry one person with you) are common short distance transportation methods. In the dream I am traveling in this city A, and I was hiking in a park with a bunch of friends. We saw a horse chilling beside the road chewing some grass and a guy lying on the ground face down. The guy still hold the rope in his hand and the rope was messed with some bushes. We thought he was dead and when we got closer we heard his breath and dream talking and there was this strong smell of weed and alcohol.

Later we we're heading to the airport. My flight was a bit earlier than theirs. So they planned to take train and I decided to take a powered paraglider to the airport through Uber. Soon the driver showed up, and I recognized that the driver is the guy earlier! He was still in a hippy style but he looks much sober now. He showed me his certificates and also told me he got more than 15 years of flying experience. He looked friendly and it was a short distance anyway. So I put my luggage on to the bucket of the powered paraglider. I also got into the seat. But before he started the engine. I changed my mind.

I wanted to get off. And he looked really upset and dissapointed and a bit annoyed. So he tried to stop me and convince me not to get off. He suddenly fall towards me and I got nervous and called help to a nearby security. He was dragged away yelling something I didn't recognize, then I look down and found out he was just tripped over by a small case of mine. I sort feel bad for him but I also find I made a good decision not to get on a flight with a pilot like him. Luckily, my flight was delayed so I joined the rest of the group and we took the train.

